$ ./hexvault90_x64linux.run
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to the Hex-Rays Vault Setup Wizard.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please read the following License Agreement. You must accept the terms of this
agreement before continuing with the installation.

Press [Enter] to continue:
Hex-Rays End User License Agreement

This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a binding agreement between Hex Rays
SA, with registered seat located at Rue Rennequin-Sualem 34, 4000 Li ge, Belgium
and registered with the Belgian Crossroad Bank of Enterprises under number
0873.473.914 ("HEX-RAYS", "we", "our", "us") and you ("You" or "End User") and
govern your use of the HEX-RAYS's software ("Software") and Documentation.

If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, HEX-RAYS will not and does not
grant you the right to use the Software and you must not use the Software.

In case the terms of this EULA are in conflict with any other terms of use or
terms and conditions, the terms of this EULA will take precedence.

HEX-RAYS may, in its sole discretion, change, supplement or amend the terms of
this EULA as they relate to your future use of the Software and it may do so
from time to time, for any reason, and with a one (1) week prior notice. If you
do not agree to these new terms, you can discontinue the use of the Software.

DEMO LICENSE. If You are licensing the Software for evaluation purposes ("Demo
License"), Your use of the Software is only permitted in a non-commercial
environment and for a limited period of time.  The demo version of the Software
is intended to demonstrate the capabilities of the full version of the Software
Press [Enter] to continue:
whose license terms are described hereafter. Notwithstanding any other provision
in this EULA, a Demo License of the Software is provided "as is" without
indemnification, support or warranty of any kind, expressed or implied. The Demo
License is licensed on a "per user" basis subject to the terms of this EULA.
Each copy of the Software can only be used by a single user at a time. You may
install the Software on Your office workstation, personal laptop and home
computer, provided that no other user uses the Software on those computers.

EDUCATIONAL LICENSE. If You are licensing the Software for educational purposes
("Educational License"), Your use of the Software is only permitted in a
non-commercial environment.  The educational version of the Software is intended
to teach students during program analysis and/or reverse engineering courses. It
can be used by universities and other academic institutions that publicly enrol
students on a regular basis, specifically excluding military institutions.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this EULA, the Educational License of the
Software is provided "as is" without indemnification, support or warranty of any
kind, expressed or implied. The Educational License is licensed on a "per
computer" basis subject to the terms of this EULA.

FREE LICENSE. If You are licensing a free version of the Software ("Free
License"), Your use of the Software is only permitted in a non-commercial
environment and subject to the terms of this EULA.  Each copy of the Software
and Documentation provided under a Free License can only be used by a single
Press [Enter] to continue:
user at a time. Each Free License permits You to install the Software on Your
personal laptop and home computer, provided that no other user uses the Software
on those computers. Notwithstanding any other provision in this EULA, the Free
License of the Software is provided "as is" without indemnification, support or
warranty of any kind, expressed or implied.

1. GRANT AND SCOPE OF LICENSE

1.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA, You are granted a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non sub-licensable, revocable license
to use the Software and its associated documentation ("Documentation") for: (i)
Your personal and non-commercial purposes, if You are licensed a Demo License,
Educational License or Free License, or (ii) Your internal business purposes, if
You are licensed any other Software which is not licensed under a Demo License,
Educational License or Free License. Your right to use the Software is limited
by all terms and conditions set forth in these EULA.

1.2. If You are a business entity, You may allow Your contractors (each, a
"Permitted Third Party") to use the Software solely for the purpose of providing
services to You, provided that such use is in compliance with this EULA. You are
liable for any breach of this EULA by any Permitted Third Party.

1.3. Depending on the license purchased, or otherwise provided under the EULA,
Press [Enter] to continue:
the Software may be provided under the following license schemes:

(i) "per named user "license: Each "per named user" license permits You to
  install the Software on a maximum of three computers belonging to You or fully
  controlled by You, provided that no other user uses the Software on those
  computers. Each "per named" user license permits You to use the Software on
  only one computer at a time.

(ii) "per fixed computer" license: Each per fixed computer license permits Your
  company to install and use the Software on only one physical or virtual
  computer.

(iii) "floating (roaming)" license: Each floating license permits Your company
  to install the Software on as many computers as required. One floating license
  permits one concurrent use of the Software.

(iv) "teams" license: Each teams license permits Your company to install the
  Software on as many computers as required. One teams license permits use of
the
  Software by one user, designated by your organization, from one computer at a
time.

1.4. This license to the Software also allows You to:
Press [Enter] to continue:

(i) make a reasonable number of backup copies solely for archival purposes.

(ii) upon HEX-RAYS's express agreement, transfer the Software and all rights
  under this license to a third party together with a copy of this license and
all
  Documentation, provided that the third party agrees to and complies with the
  terms of this EULA. Upon transfer of the license to any third party, You lose
  the right to use the Software and Documentation.

1.5. Except for the Free License, the license is a temporary license subject to
full payment of all invoices issued by HEX-RAYS for the Software. In the event
that any payment for the Software is not received in a timely manner, you must
immediately discontinue its use.

2. Restrictions

2.1. Except as expressly permitted by this EULA, You will not, nor permit or
authorize anyone to:

(i) distribute, convey, lend, lease, share, sell, transfer, sublicense, rent, or
  time share any of the Software, or any of its components or product keys, or
  permit third parties to download or install any Software;
Press [Enter] to continue:
(ii) copy, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to
  extract or derive the source code or any methods, algorithms or procedures
from
  the Software, except as otherwise expressly permitted by applicable law, or
  modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based upon the Software;
(iii) alter or circumvent any product, key or license restrictions, or transfer
  or reassign a named user license or entitlement, in such a manner that enables
  You to exceed purchased quantities, defeat any use restrictions, or allows
  multiple users to share such entitlement to exceed purchased quantities;
(iv) use, offer, embed, or otherwise exploit the Software, whether or not for a
  fee, in any managed service provider (MSP) offering: platform as a service
  (PaaS) offering; service bureau; or other similar product or offering,
including
  offering standalone Software as a hosted service;
(v) use the Software if You are a competitor, or use the Software in any manner
  that competes with HEX-RAYS, including but not limited to, benchmarking,
  collecting and publishing data or analysis relating to the performance of the
  Software, or developing or marketing a product that is competitive with any
  Software or service without first inviting HEX-RAYS to review the results;
(vi) use the Software in any manner or for any purpose that infringes,
  misappropriates, or otherwise violates any intellectual property right or
other
  right of any third party or that violates any applicable law including Export
Press [Enter] to continue:
  Laws.

3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

3.1. The Software and Documentation are licensed and not sold to You by
HEX-RAYS. Except for the license expressly granted under this EULA, HEX-RAYS, on
behalf of itself and its affiliates and suppliers, reserves all rights in and to
the Software and Documentation not expressly granted to You. The rights in the
Software and Documentation are valid and protected in all forms, media and
technologies existing now or hereafter developed. If Software is provided to You
on removable media, You may own the media on which the Software is delivered but
Hex-Rays SA retains ownership of all copies of the Software itself.

4. COLLECTION AND USE OF END USER DATA

4.1. You acknowledge and agree that HEX-RAYS may review and use all feedback,
data or other information provided by you via the use of the Software, including
by uploading or creating data or content through the Software or information in
connection with your use or performance of the Software ("End Users Data") for
the purpose of verifying adherence to the terms and conditions set forth in this
EULA and for any purpose related to your use of the Software, including but not
limited to user analyses, improving the performance of the Software or
developing updates. HEX-RAYS will be free and is hereby granted a non-exclusive,
Press [Enter] to continue:
royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable, transferable license to (a) use such
information and data during and after the term hereof to improve and enhance the
Software and for other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes in
connection with the Software and other offerings of HEX-RAYS, and (b) disclose
such data in aggregate provided that such information does not directly or
indirectly identify End Users Data.

4.2. You grant HEX-RAYS a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable,
transferable, license to use, copy, store, modify, transmit and display End
Users Data to the extent necessary to provide and maintain the Software.
HEX-RAYS reserves the right, but is not obliged, to review and remove any End
Users Data which is deemed to be in violation with the provisions of this EULA
or otherwise inappropriate, any rights of third parties or any applicable
legislation or regulation.

5. DISCLAIMER

5.1. The Software is provided "as is" without any express or implied warranty of
any kind, included but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability
or fitness for a particular purpose. HEX-RAYS does not guarantee that the
Software will operate without any interruption, meet any performance or
reliability standards, achieve any kind of intended purpose, be compatible with
any other software or system, or have errors that can be corrected.
Press [Enter] to continue:

6. INDEMNIFICATION

6.1. You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless HEX-RAYS and its affiliates,
independent contractors, service providers, suppliers, partners, resellers,
distributors and consultants, and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents against any third party claims, suits or actions and any
resulting damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited
to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to: (a) your use of,
or inability to use, the Software; or (b) your violation of any terms of this
EULA.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

7.1. To the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, in no event will
Hex-Rays SA and its directors, affiliates, subsidiaries, contractors, agents,
representatives and employees be labile for any consequential, special,
incidental, or indirect damages, including but not limited to loss of use, loss
of profits or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort, negligence,
strict liability, or under any other theory of law or equity arising out of or
in any way connected with the use or inability to use the Software, even if
HEX-RAYS has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall
the aggregate liability of HEX-RAYS and/or its affiliate, and their respective
Press [Enter] to continue:
directors, officers, employees and agents, whether in contract, warranty, tort,
product liability or other theory, arising out or relating to this EULA or the
Software, exceed the compensation paid, if any, to HEX-RAYS for the Software.

7.2. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your rights to use all or part
of the Software for failure to comply with the terms of this EULA or the
specific conditions of a particular Software.

8. EXPORT LAWS AND SANCTIONS

8.1. Some countries control the export of products and information (the "Export
Laws"). Such Export Laws may apply to the Software and Documentation. If so, you
agree that such laws govern your use of the Software and Documentation, and you
agree to comply with all such Export Laws. You agree that no data, information,
software programs and/or materials resulting from the Software (or direct
product thereof) will be exported, directly or indirectly, in violation of these
Export Laws.

8.2. You represent and warrant that you are not a citizen of, or otherwise
located within, an embargoed nation (including without limitation Iran, Syria,
Sudan, Cuba, and North Korea) and that you are not otherwise prohibited under
the Export Laws from receiving the Software. All rights to use the Software and
Documentation are granted on condition that such rights are forfeited if you
Press [Enter] to continue:
fail to comply with the terms of this EULA.

8.3. You warrant that as of the date of the signing of this EULA, You or any
entity or person that has direct or indirect control of fifty percent or more of
Your shares ("Affiliates") are not subject to any economic, trade or financial
sanctions or other trade restrictions administered or enforced by the United
Nations, the European Union, the United States of America or any other relevant
jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the EU Consolidated list of
persons, groups and entities subject to EU financial sanctions, the U.S.
Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control list of Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or any similar list maintained by any
EU member state or the country of registration/residency of the End-User
("Sanctions"). A breach of this warranty shall be a material default for the
purpose of this EULA. You agree that if at any time after the date of formation
of the EULA, You or any of Your Affiliates become subject to any Sanctions,
whether introduced before or after such date, which prohibit or restrict Your
performance of or rights under the EULA, or the performance of the EULA exposes
You, or creates a risk of You being exposed, to any Sanctions, including,
without limitation, any extraterritorial or secondary sanctions, HEX-RAYS may
suspend or terminate the EULA upon such Sanctions becoming effective.

8.4. You shall indemnify HEX-RAYS against any losses, liabilities, damages,
fines, costs (including but not limited to legal fees) and expenses incurred by,
Press [Enter] to continue:
or awarded against, HEX-RAYS as a result of your breach of this obligation.

9. TERMINATION

9.1. HEX-RAYS may terminate with immediate effect your right to access and use
of the Software, if HEX-RAYS believes or has reasonable grounds to suspect that
you are violating the terms of this EULA.

9.2. HEX-RAYS may, at any time and for any reason and at its sole discretion:
(a) change, suspend or terminate, temporarily or permanently, the Software or
any part or functionalities; or (b) restrict, suspend or terminate (in whole or
in part) your access or use the Software and/or remove and discard any End User
Data you may have contributed to or gained from the use of the Software; all
without any notice or liability to you or any other person.

9.3. Upon termination, You must promptly return, destroy, or permanently delete
all copies of the Software and Documentation. You may terminate this license at
any time by destroying the Software and all copies thereof.

10. DATA PROTECTION

10.1. You also acknowledge that when you download, install, or use the Software,
HEX-RAYS has the right to automatically collect information on your use of the
Press [Enter] to continue:
Software. HEX-RAYS may also require that you provide information regarding
yourself in order to download, install or use the Software. All information
collected from You in connection with the Software may be used by HEX-RAYS in
compliance with Hex Rays' Privacy Policy [https://hex-rays.com/privacy_policy/].
By your using, installing, downloading, or providing information, you consent to
the Privacy Policy and our use of your information in compliance thereof.

11. MISCELLANEOUS

11.1. Force Majeure. HEX-RAYS will not be liable for any failure or delay in the
performance of its obligations with regard to the Software if such delay or
failure is due to causes beyond our control including by not limited to acts of
God, war, strikes or labor disputes, embargoes, government orders, pandemics,
telecommunications, network, computer, server or Internet downtime,
cyber-attacks, unauthorized access to HEX-RAYS's information technology systems
by third parties or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of HEX-RAYS
(the "Force Majeure Event").

11.2. Severability. If any provision of this EULA is, for any reason, held to be
invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this EULA will remain
enforceable, and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified
so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.

Press [Enter] to continue:
11.3. Waiver. Any failure to enforce any provision of this EULA will not
constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision.

11.4. Assignment. You may not assign or transfer this EULA or any rights or
obligations to any third party. HEX-RAYS will be free to (i) transfer or assign
(part of) its obligations or rights under this EULA to one of its affiliates and
(ii) to subcontract performance or the support of the performance of this EULA
to its affiliates, to individual contractors and to third party service
providers without prior notification to the End User.

11.5. Governing law and jurisdiction. This EULA is governed by the laws of
Belgium without regard to any conflict of law principles to the contrary. You
hereby irrevocably consent to jurisdiction of the district courts of Li ge,
Belgium with respect to any proceeding regarding this EULA or the Software. The
1980 UN Convention for the International Sale of Goods or any successor thereto
does not apply to this EULA.

Press [Enter] to continue:

Do you accept this license? [y/n]: y

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please specify the directory where Hex-Rays Vault will be installed.

Installation Directory [/opt/hexvault]:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Initialization



Perform basic configuration (choosing no will require you to manually configure
it after installation)? [Y/n]:


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Service User Name

Please specify a user name to run the server as. It will be created if it
doesn't already exist. [hexvault]: hexvault

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Configure Service



Setup a service using systemd [Y/n]:


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Setup is now ready to begin installing Hex-Rays Vault on your computer.

Do you want to continue? [Y/n]:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please wait while Setup installs Hex-Rays Vault on your computer.

 Installing
 0% ______________ 50% ______________ 100%
 ####################################Warning: Problem running post-install step. Installation may not complete
correctly
 Error running systemctl daemon-reload: System has not been booted with systemd
as init system (PID 1). Can't operate.
Failed to connect to bus: Host is down
Press [Enter] to continue:
#####

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Installation Complete



Installation complete; if you skipped configuration, please check the manual to
configure the server.  If you configured the service, you can run it with

systemctl start hexvault.service

In any case, you'll need to activate your server add the obtained files to
/opt/hexvault.

You'll also need to initialize the database with the following command, run as
the hexvault user:

/opt/hexvault/vault_server -f /opt/hexvault/hexvault.conf -d
/opt/hexvault/files/store --recreate-schema

Press [Enter] to continue:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Setup has finished installing Hex-Rays Vault on your computer.
